README.md, before:

# antsee

`antsee` is a lightweight and dependency free ANSI library with the primary goal of allowing for flexibility in styling. This is achieved primarily through the way it models colours. A `Color` in `antsee` represents two colors. One is for use on dark terminal backgrounds, and the other is for use on light terminal backgrounds. Further, each colour can contain three colour values for terminals that support ANSI16, ANSI256, and RGB. If given the appropriate information, `Color` will choose the appropriate color for the environment the application is running in.

This crate does not aim to do the work of detecting the color support of the current terminal, nor whether the background is dark or light.

## Planned features
- Windows support (automatically enabling ANSI support when on windows)
- Strings that contain multiple styles for each block of text that remain easily editable
- Support for non-standard properties (e.g. hyperlinks)

## Example usage

```rust
let styled_str = "Hi there"
        .to_styled_string()
        .with_fg(RGB::rgb(134, 100, 50))
        .with_bg(ANSI16::BrightBlack)
        .underline()
        .bold();
```

```rust
let style = Style::default()
        .with_fg(Color::from(ANSI16::Red))
        .with_bg(Color::from(ANSI16::Black))
        .with_prop(Property::Bold)
        .with_prop(Property::Underline);

let output = style.paint("Hello");
```

Commit message:

Add xterm colours, update readme

README.md, after:

# antsee

`antsee` is a terminal colour and style library which does not handle escape codes, color or format text, or interact with the terminal in any way. 

## Motivation 
Practically every single Rust ANSI/terminal style library is useless for configuration. As far as I can tell, out of `owo-colors`, `colorize`, `ansi_term`, `yansi`, etc, only `ansi_term` supports `serde` at all. That support goes no further than deriving `Serialize` and `Deserialize`.

If you need your users to be able to configure styles and colours, you're likely stuck with separate types anyway. Why not do it well? This aims to provide
a library built for configuration, with high quality `serde` support including custom Deserialize and Serialize implementations.

It also aims to fix other small annoyances, like attributes directly on style types, making it a pain to define custom style types with 
additional colours. `antsee` aims to stay small, having no default dependencies. 

## Features

### User friendly options for setting colours
RGB colours can be set with a list of three u8 values, a hex string, a CSS colour name, or from a set of names for the ANSI256 palette (which can also be used for ANSI256 of course).

ANSI16 colours can be set by both PascalCase, such as `DarkLight`, or lowercase such as `darklight`. Colour deserialization will first attempt to create an 
RGB colour, then an ANSI256 colour, and then finally an ANSI16 colour. 

### Easy custom style types 
If your configuration needs go beyond `fg`, `bg`, and `attributes`, text attributes and color have been kept seperate from the `Style` type. This makes it easy to define custom style types with the same benefits as the built in one.

## Roadmap

### Conversion libraries for common ANSI libraries
I plan to create crates which allow for easy conversion between `antsee`'s types and those of popular terminal output libraries like `crossterm`, `owo-colors`, `colorize`, and `ansi_term`. 

### Generic macros and traits for defining new color names
Currently, the `xterm` and `css` color names are created by specialised macros and loaded specially in each colour class. I plan to eventually create a generic 
macro alongside traits for defining new sets of colour variables.
